appium-testng-cucumber/README.md, before:

## Pre-requisite
1. Install java
2. Install mvn

## Steps
1. Generate maven project from archetype
```bash
mvn archetype:generate                      \
   "-DarchetypeGroupId=io.cucumber"           \
   "-DarchetypeArtifactId=cucumber-archetype" \
   "-DarchetypeVersion=6.10.4"               \
   "-DgroupId=io.github.lemgrb"                  \
   "-DartifactId=appium-testng-cucumber"               \
   "-Dpackage=sugod"                  \
   "-Dversion=1.0.0-SNAPSHOT"                 \
   "-DinteractiveMode=false" 
```
By default, JUnit4 is used in pom.xml.
2. **Replace JUnit with TestNG and use Failsafe.** See [Parallel Execution
   ](https://cucumber.io/docs/guides/parallel-execution/). In JUnit the feature files are run in parallel rather than scenarios, which means all the scenarios in a feature file will be executed by the same thread. In TestNG the scenarios and rows in a scenario outline are executed in multiple threads. To run, use `mvn integration-test` or `mvn verify`.
3. **Add Reports** : 
   1. For HTML Report, specify in command line `-Dcucumber.plugin="html:target\cucumber"` or `@CucumberOptions`
      ![HTML Report](cucumber-report.png)
   2. For Visual representation of threads, `@CucumberOptions(plugin= {"timeline:<report folder>"})`
      ![Cucumber threads visual](cucumber-threads-report.png)

Commit message:

Add Appium's java-client dependency

appium-testng-cucumber/README.md, after:

## Pre-requisite
1. Install java
2. Install mvn
3. [Install Appium Desktop and Android SDK](https://appium.io/docs/en/about-appium/getting-started/?lang=en)

## Steps
1. Generate maven project from archetype. By default, **JUnit4 is used in pom.xml**.
```bash
mvn archetype:generate                      \
   "-DarchetypeGroupId=io.cucumber"           \
   "-DarchetypeArtifactId=cucumber-archetype" \
   "-DarchetypeVersion=6.10.4"               \
   "-DgroupId=io.github.lemgrb"                  \
   "-DartifactId=appium-testng-cucumber"               \
   "-Dpackage=sugod"                  \
   "-Dversion=1.0.0-SNAPSHOT"                 \
   "-DinteractiveMode=false" 
```
2. **Replace JUnit with TestNG and use Failsafe.** See [Parallel Execution
   ](https://cucumber.io/docs/guides/parallel-execution/). In JUnit the feature files are run in parallel rather than scenarios, which means all the scenarios in a feature file will be executed by the same thread. In TestNG the scenarios and rows in a scenario outline are executed in multiple threads. To run, use `mvn integration-test` or `mvn verify`.
3. **Add Reports** : 
   1. For HTML Report, specify in command line `-Dcucumber.plugin="html:target\cucumber"` or `@CucumberOptions`
      ![HTML Report](cucumber-report.png)
   2. For Visual representation of threads, `@CucumberOptions(plugin= {"timeline:<report folder>"})`
      ![Cucumber threads visual](cucumber-threads-report.png)
4. Add Appium's 'java-client'. See [How to install latest java client Beta/Snapshots](https://github.com/appium/java-client#how-to-install-latest-java-client-betasnapshots)
